palworld: add page (#18980)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/palworld.md

Reviewer: Shouldn't the page/title be called PalServer? We can create an alias for Palworld referring to this page.

# Palworld

> Create and start a headless Palworld server.
> More information: <https://docs.palworldgame.com/settings-and-operation/arguments>.

- Start the server with default settings:

`{{path/to/PalServer.sh}}`

> - Start the server with a specific port and a specific number of players:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Start the server with a specific port and set a maximum player count:
```
Something like this
